[WIP] Custom tip type selection (#1977)
Ralim/IronOS: Documentation/Hardware.md

![](https://brushlesswhoop.com/images/ts100-og.jpg)

### TS101

The TS101 is the direct replacement of the TS100 with the same tip compatibility.
It adds a spring pressure tip holding mechanism instead of using a screw so tips are easier to swap on the fly (But are held less securely and can pull out depending on the use case). It adds USB-C PD support and the hardware is compatible with 28V EPR power supplies (under both IronOS and official firmware).

> It unfortunately uses an STM32 clone MCU with quirks, so performance of the screen isn't as good as it could be but its perfectly usable. The bootloader for programming is the biggest weakness of this device and programming can be a pain. Thankfully IronOS is relatively stable feature wise so you shouldn't need to update the device especially often.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It unfortunately uses an STM32 clone MCU with quirks, so performance of the screen isn't as good as it could be but its perfectly usable. The bootloader for programming is the biggest weakness of this device and programming can be a pain. Fortunately, IronOS is relatively stable feature wise, so you shouldn't need to update the device often.
```

The Miniware bootup logo is burned into their bootloader, so IronOS cant remove this. IronOS can show your own logo when it starts however. There are quirks to loading a logo on this device, so be sure to read the documentation if you are coming from other devices.

### TS80

TS80 is a successor to TS100, it moves to custom smaller tips that perform better at lower wattages. It is optimised for a 9V/2A Quick Charge 3.0 power supply. This is commonly found on older power banks on the USB-A port.
It does **not** support USB-PD and will not work when powered from a USB-C power supply in most cases.

- uses _Quick Charge 3.0_ / _QC3_ capable charger only (18W max);
- doesn't support PD as it is not designed on the hardware level;
- the original firmware can be found [here](https://e-design.com.cn/en/NewsDetail/4203645.html)([mirror backup](https://github.com/Ralim/IronOS-Meta/tree/main/Firmware/Miniware)).

![Image of TS80](https://core-electronics.com.au/media/catalog/product/4/2/4244-01.jpg)

### TS80P

> The TS80P is a successor to TS80, and really its what the TS80 should have been. It is nearly identical except it adds USB-PD support for far better compatibility with modern power banks as well as a faster tip removal method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The TS80P is the direct successor to the TS80 and essentially what the TS80 should have been from its debut. It is nearly identical except it adds USB-PD support for far better compatibility with modern power banks as well as a faster tip removal method.
```
